his Lionheart here and this is my 200th
video remove a big button yeah I would
get a like apology but I don't have any
anyway and 200 video I was trying to
think of what I could do for a
journalist video and I was going to do
like a mom college of like funny moments
your favorite moments by thought moon I
don't mine are but what are yours so I
thought oh this is my 200th video but
there'll be a 200th video montage and
basically any of you even if you're not
a subscriber and if you're not
subscribed right now what are you doing
slap so anyone can basically personal
message me if you don't know how to do
that it's on my channel page right next
to Maya I'm looking over the side of the
camera because i'm actually looking at
em where it is on the screen that style
it's right by my name and my little
avatar picture on my channel page and
under scrolling back up because it was
something that's gonna talk about anyway
later so yeah put a semi personal
message a PM with your favorite video
and if you can your favorite bit of that
video or your funniest moment i don't
know if i did a funny vlog hell of a
teacup or something like that much like
this one see it says tee off in there
yeah funny yeah so if there was a funny
bit i'm on and i'll make a montage but
it will be funny bit so send me a
private message or p.m. personal message
box whatever and don't send me a comment
of easy if you send me a private message
a PM with your favorite bidden and i
will ya smash them all together and also
if you want recommend maybe a bit
background music if there's not talking
in it was just like a funny scene but
obviously if it is a talky bit or
whatever what you have to hear it then I
won't amused with it so yeah that's that
now facts 200 videos 1384 subscribers at
this exact point now I'll just check
anymore nope 336,000 218 total video
views and 70 7961 channel views which is
wicked guys I've been on YouTube now for
about a year and quarter I think I
started in about april june of last year
so yeah but it's not really caught me
you know i mean i've been over a year
your own accord ish coming up anyway
probably so yeah i just like to say a
massive thank you to everybody who
subscribed to me everybody's added me as
a friend on both YouTube and on Steam
people who've joined up on the facebook
fan page that's cool and I've ronson to
facebook but those that have that that's
wicked guys he devoted that will call to
you don't recall I'm cool so yeah I
thought I'd also just give you top 3
video gears obviously it's kind of
random stuff but you know John a video
its kind like a recap I done with my
youtube life so far so yeah so yeah my
top three videos of being watched the
most is a first off it's my empire total
war online battle number 11 I'll put
links popping up right now which has
16,000 193 views my second top most
viewed is imparted war getting the best
settings or getting the best performance
con remember what these at taj wars
without be hoping up now as well and
that has 14,179 that note i know that a
lot of you have been having problem with
that star wars mod or a lot of people
have now come to the video and I think
that's because they've been patches and
just haven't been upgraded so I know of
another mod which will work after
slander begun its all cool don't panic
guys don't panic I know of another mod
which can be used to unlock all factions
for Empire now I've got about haven't
played in both probably
month now and because I've just been
interna Polian and battlefield bad
company a necessity to tropico three and
going out and having a life as well yeah
yeah yeah dick so yeah I will at some
point in the next few weeks do a sort of
part 2 to that faction on mock with the
new mod and I'll test out myself and
I'll try and find a more comprehensive
way of my me understanding it so you can
actually ask me about some of the
problems if you have any with it because
obviously at the moment I don't make the
mod so I don't know exactly how they
work I just follow the instructions put
them in what folder install them or
whatever you need to do and that's how I
happen to work now those of you that
will be watching part 5 i think it is of
my portion campaign which will be up
some point after this video this is the
tea that was delivered to atop the
stairs this is like future well no not
features is the past of that future
video so in the future or just had a
ping saying that my part 4 is done so I
part 4 or 5 are coming up shortly guys
that's all to say with that and yeahh
shall can I Pacific it and have a sip of
tea hmm leaning tower of pisa cub yeah
I'll probably do a vlog on my new
channel have I told you just thinking
tea click the teacup go see it if you
haven't subscribe just drinking tea yum
see ya that's enough promoting that
channel back to this channel on my 200
video for it yeah that's basically it
guys are again a massive thank you to
all the comments I've enjoyed them all
the possible arguments I've had with
people out disputes on I know what's the
better graphics card or not well thank
you to all those who've taught me
something and I hope that a lot of you
guys have learned something from my
videos Viet how not to play or how to
play preferably the latter also too I'll
give a shout out to Carl
pulse NL again for making me wicked
background anyone can make new
background guys if you just wondering
which is at the moment I really like is
so don't be disappointed or doesn't go
up but feel free to make you one or and
maybe upgrade my avatar I have which is
currently a wizard in a signpost going
you're Sherlock Bob Breuder whoa yeah I
can't do a good Gandalf repression
tickling so yeah this is going on he's
rambling as always but that's why you
love me and you watch my videos
hopefully and subscribe so yeah I'm
going to bring it to a close just to
recap though if you to make this montage
video I need you not me I need you so I
need you to send me a personal message
private message p.m. whatever you want
to call it a message privately
personally on YouTube and with your
favorite moment from any one of my
videos um whether it's a funny moment
serious moment just a good tactical
moment hopefully I had some good tactics
in this somewhere maybe I don't know you
but yeah so send me a video with that
stuff um yeah cool check out just
drinking tea which is obviously click on
the teacup this context loop and you
just put all these annotations geez all
my info so yeah comment rate and
subscribe as always guys and thank you
for 200 videos of watching you watching
them letting me upload 200 thank you to
youtube for letting me upload 200 videos
that that's all that's awesome yeah yeah
I'm rambling I'll leave it at that
comment rate subscribe and joy hopefully
100 200 300 400 500 lots more videos